Whenever I smell strong tobacco smoke when I'm in an enclosed space such as a room, train, or aircraft, I begin to get angry. There are several reasons. First, medical researchers have shown that secondhand smoke, that is, the smoke from other people's cigarettes, causes cancer and other health problems. If the smoke were car exhaust or burning trash, we would put out the fire and open the windows to get rid of the smoke. Second, it stinks. The smoke drifts away from the smoker and fills the room. Even if I am not sitting close to the smoker, my hair and clothes pick up the smell. Third, I'm slightly allergic to smoke; therefore, my nose stuffs up when I smell tobacco smoke. Am I saying that all smoking should be banned? Of course not. Smokers have a right to smoke. However, the right of people to breathe pure air must always be put before the right of smokers to pollute that air.

The question how knowledge should be defined is perhaps the most important and difficult of the three with which we shall deal. This may seem surprising: at first sight it might be thought that knowledge might be defined as belief which is in agreement with the facts. The trouble is that no one knows what a belief is, no one knows what a fact is, and no one knows what sort of agreement between them would make a belief true. Let us begin with belief.

With clarity and definition is associated a certain physical spareness. Most of the great deciduous trees of England give one the impression, at any rate in summer, of being rather obese. In Scandinavian mythology Embla, the elm, was the first woman. Those who have lived much with old elm trees and I spent a good part of my boyhood under their ponderous shade will agree that the Scandinavians were men of insight. There is in effect something blowsily female about those vast trees that brood with all their bulging masses of foliage above the meadows of the home counties. In winter they are giant skeletons; and for a moment in the early spring a cloud of transparent emerald vapor floats in the air; but by June they have settled down to an enormous middle age.